In this video, we're going to go through a little bit of Kubernetes set up.
As a quick reminder, Kubernetes is a tool for running a bunch of different containers together.
It will automatically manage the creation and management of all these different containers.
And it's also going to make it really easy for us to communicate between these containers as well.
So let's go through some setup in this video.
There's two possibilities right now for setup.
Either you are running Docker for Windows or Docker for Mac, or you are running Docker Toolbox or Linux.
You will know that you're running Docker for Mac or Windows if you have that little icon up here inside
of your system tray.
Or of course, if you're on windows, it'll probably be down on your bottom.
Right.
If you're running either of those, then I got good news for you.
Kubernetes setup is really easy and straightforward.
It's so easy and straightforward.
They'll just do it right now in the span of about 10 seconds.
So even if you're running Docker Toolbox or Linux, just stick around for a moment.
So if you're on Docker for Mac or Windows, we will find that Docker system tray icon.
You'll find preferences.
You'll see a window like disappear on the side.
We'll find Kubernetes, and then we'll just click on Enable Kubernetes.
On the bottom.
Right.
We'll find, apply and restart.
And that is pretty much it.
Well, if you got through that process, then you could pause this video right now and continue in the
next video.
Otherwise, if you are running Duck or Toolbox or Linux, stay around for just a moment.
Now, I got some bad news for you.
Unfortunately, the setup, if you're running Docker Toolbox or Linux is just a little bit more complicated.
You are going to have to install a tool called Mini Cube.
Mini Cube is a tool that will start up a Kubernetes cluster on your local machine.
There is a link to the documentation right here.
Do be aware that the exact location of this documentation has changed more than once over the years.
So if you try going to this link right here and it doesn't work for any reason, that's okay.
Just do a google search for install mini cube and you will probably find some directions on how to do
it.
So I'm going to assume that that link is going to work.
So I'm going to copy it and hop on over.
So on this page you can scroll down to installing Mini Cube.
You will find directions for Linux, macOS or Windows.
For each of these, you'll go ahead and walk through the directions.
Now, I've got to be honest with you.
If you're using Docker Toolbox, the reality of the situation here is that Docker toolbox is not super
stable.
There's a billion things that can go wrong with it.
So I got to be honest with you, if you run into installation problems with Docker Toolbox, I'm going
to leave it up to you to do some troubleshooting.
I have gone through so much troubleshooting with Docker Toolbox in the past and it's something that
is very ineffective for me to try to help you with over Q&A discussion boards.
There's just so many things that can be different between your system and my possible system, my kind
of reference computer I have for running Docker Toolbox that I just really cannot effectively support
you if something goes wrong with the mini cube installation.
So again, if you're using Docker Toolbox, you're going to have to figure a little bit out of this
stuff on your own.
There are a tremendous number of resources out there that you can use to kind of do some research and
figure out what's going on.
All right.
So I'm sorry to have to say that, but again, it's kind of the reality situation.
So hopefully you can get mini cubes set up successfully once you do.
Pause right here and we'll join back up together in just a moment.